[clang-tidy] Fix bugprone-misplaced-widening-cast false positive on bitfield assignments (#197554)
llvm/llvm-project: clang-tools-extra/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/macro-parentheses>` check by printing the macro
  definition in the warning message if the macro is defined on command line.

- Improved :doc:`bugprone-misplaced-widening-cast
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/misplaced-widening-cast>` check by fixing a false
  positive on bit field assignments when `CheckImplicitCasts` is enabled. The

>   check now uses the actual bitfield width instead of the declared type to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  check now uses the actual bit field width instead of the declared type to
```

>   checker now uses the actual bitfield width instead of the declared type to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  positive on bitfield assignments when `CheckImplicitCasts` is enabled. The
  check now uses the actual bitfield width instead of the declared type to
```

Plus possible formatting changes. Also Wikipedia uses `bit field`.

  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/macro-parentheses>` check by printing the macro
  definition in the warning message if the macro is defined on command line.

- Improved :doc:`bugprone-misplaced-widening-cast
  <clang-tidy/checks/bugprone/misplaced-widening-cast>` check by fixing a false

>   positive on bit field assignments when `CheckImplicitCasts` is enabled. The

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  positive on bit field assignments when `CheckImplicitCasts` option is enabled. The
```

Plus formatting.

Author: Done.
